2021-01-12 Microsoft Authenticator Auth Method Policy (#11250)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/passwordlessmicrosoftauthenticatorauthenticationmethodconfiguration-get.md

doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# Get passwordlessMicrosoftAuthenticatorAuthenticationMethodConfiguration (deprecated)
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Retrieve the properties and relationships of the [passwordlessMicrosoftAuthenticatorAuthenticationMethodConfiguration](../resources/passwordlessmicrosoftauthenticatorauthenticationmethodconfiguration.md) object, which represents the Microsoft Authenticator Passwordless Phone Sign-in [authentication method policy](../resources/authenticationmethodspolicies-overview.md) for the Azure AD tenant.

> [!CAUTION]

> > The Microsoft Authenticator Passwordless Phone Sign-in authentication method policy API is deprecated and will stop returning results on December 31, 2020. Please use the new [Microsoft Authenticator authentication method policy](../resources/microsoftAuthenticatorAuthenticationMethodConfiguration.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Microsoft Authenticator Passwordless Phone Sign-in authentication method policy API is deprecated and stopped returning results on December 31, 2020. Please use the new [Microsoft Authenticator authentication method policy](../resources/microsoftAuthenticatorAuthenticationMethodConfiguration.md).
```
